PS-7531 Add links for SELinux and AppArmor docs (#4192)
percona/percona-server: doc/source/security/selinux.rst

List SELinux Types or Domains associated with files
----------------------------------------------------

> The security property that SELinux relies on is the Type security property. The type name often end with a ``_t``. A group of objects with the same type security value belong to the same domain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security property that SELinux relies on is the Type security property. The type name often ends with a ``_t``. A group of objects with the same type security value belongs to the same domain. 
```
group belongs, right?

Author: Fixed.
